Initial app loading indicator (#787)
SAP/luigi: docs/general-settings.md

If you don't specify any value for  **responsiveNavigation**, the buttons remain hidden. The same applies when you enable **hideSideNav** for the currently active navigation node. 
* **sideNavFooterText** is a string displayed in a sticky footer inside the side navigation. It is a good place to display the version of your application.
* **customTranslationImplementation** provides a custom localization implementation. It can be an Object or a Function returning an Object. This Object must provide the **getTranslation** Function as property:
```javascript
{
  getTranslation: (key, interpolations, locale) => {
    // should return translation of the 'key' in the 'locale' or current locale
  }
}
```
> **NOTE:** You can translate Luigi internal messages by providing translation for [these keys](../core/src/utilities/defaultLuigiTranslationTable.js).
* **customSandboxRules** is an array of custom rules for the content in the iframe. You can extend the [Luigi default sandbox rules](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/blob/af1deebb392dcec6490f72576e32eb5853a894bc/core/src/utilities/helpers/iframe-helpers.js#L140) by adding further rules.

> * **appLoadingIndicator.hideAutomatically** allows to disable the auto hiding of the app loading indicator, which is enabled by default in case the app loading indicator is being used. Take a look at the [App loading indicator](luigi-ux-features.md#app-loading-indicator) section on how to use this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **appLoadingIndicator.hideAutomatically** allows you to disable automatic hiding of the app loading indicator, which is enabled by default in case the app loading indicator is being used. Take a look at the [App loading indicator](luigi-ux-features.md#app-loading-indicator) section on how to use this feature.
```
